# Flipper Zero Contributor License Agreement

## Definitions

* You - the person or legal entity including its affiliates asked to accept this agreement. An affiliate is any entity that controls or is controlled by the legal entity, or is under common control with it.
* This Flipper Zero Sources or Sources - all of the files within any archive file or any group of files released in conjunction by Flipper Devices Inc., Flipper Devices Inc., or a derived or modified work based on such files.
* Contribution - any type of work that is submitted to a Sources, including any modifications or additions to existing work.
* Submitted - conveyed to a Sources via a pull request, commit, issue, or any form of electronic, written, or verbal communication with Flipper Devices Inc., contributors or maintainers.
* A Modification, or a Mod - instructions, to be performed manually or in an automated manner, that alter any part of this Sources.
* A Modified Sources - this Sources or a derivative of it with one or more Modification applied to it.
* Distribution - allowing one or more other people to in any way download or receive
a copy of this Sources, a Modified Sources, or a derivative of this Sources.
* The Flipper Zero Website - https://flipperzero.one.

## Agreement

### 1. Grant of Copyright License.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this agreement, **You grant** to the Projects’ maintainers, contributors, users and to Flipper Devices Inc. a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, **irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute Your contributions and such derivative works**. Except for this license, **You reserve all rights, title, and interest in your contributions.**

### 2. Grant of Patent License.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this agreement, You grant to the Projects’ maintainers, contributors, users and to Flipper Devices Inc. a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer your contributions, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by you that are necessarily infringed by your contribution or by combination of your contribution with the project to which this contribution was submitted.

If any entity institutes patent litigation - including cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit - against You alleging that your contribution or any project it was submitted to constitutes or is responsible for direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to that entity under this agreement shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.

### 3. Grant of using, copying, modifying and distributing.

Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify and/or distribute this Sources, provided that:

* All copyright notices within source files and as generated by the Software as output are retained, unchanged.
* **Any Distribution of this Sources**, whether as a Modified Sources or not, **includes this license** and is released under the terms of this Agreement. This clause is not dependant upon any measure of changes made to this Sources.
* **Any Distribution of this Sources, whether as a Modified Sources or not, requires express written consent from Flipper Devices Inc..**
* You may make Modifications to this Sources or a derivative of it, and distribute your Modifications in a form that is separate from the Sources, such as patches. The following restrictions apply to Modifications:
  * A Modification must not alter or remove any copyright notices in the Sources, generated or otherwise.
  * When a Modification to the Sources is released, a non-exclusive royalty-free right is granted to Flipper Devices Inc. to distribute the Modification in future versions of the Sources provided such versions remain available under the terms of this Agreement in addition to any other license(s) of the initial developer.
  * **Any Distribution of a Modified Sources or derivative requires express written consent from Flipper Devices Inc..**

* Permission is hereby also granted to distribute programs which depend on this Sources, provided that you do not distribute any Modified Sources without express written consent.
* **Flipper Devices Inc. reserves the right to change the terms of this Agreement at any time**, although those changes are not retroactive to past releases. Changes to this document will be announced via email using the Flipper Devices Inc. email notification list. Failure to receive notification of a change does not make those changes invalid. A current copy of this Agreement can be found in the Flipper Zero Source repository.
* This Agreement will terminate automatically if you fail to comply with the limitations described herein. Upon termination, you must destroy all copies of this Package, the Software, and any derivatives within 48 hours.
